Update direct-routing-protocols-sip.md (#6637)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-protocols-sip.md

## Processing the incoming request: finding the tenant and user

> Before an incoming or outbound call can be processed, OPTIONS messages are exchanged between SIP Proxy and the SBC. These OPTIONS messages allow SIP Proxy to provide the allowed capabilities to SBC. It is important for OPTIONS negotiation to be successful (200OK response), allowing for further communication between SBC and SIP Proxy for establishing calls. The SIP headers in an OPTIONS messages to SIP Proxy are provided as an example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before an incoming or outbound call can be processed, OPTIONS messages are exchanged between SIP Proxy and the SBC. These OPTIONS messages allow SIP Proxy to provide the allowed capabilities to the SBC. It is important for OPTIONS negotiation to be successful (200OK response), allowing for further communication between the SBC and SIP Proxy for establishing calls. The SIP headers in an OPTIONS messages to SIP Proxy are provided as an example below:
```

| Parameter name | Example of the value | 
| :---------------------  |:---------------------- |
| Request-URI | OPTIONS sip:sip.pstnhub.microsoft.com:5061 SIP /2.0 |
| Via Header | Via: SIP/2.0/TLS sbc1.adatum.biz:5058;alias;branch=z9hG4bKac2121518978 | 
| Max-Forwards header | Max-Forwards:68 |
| From Header | From Header From: <sip:sbc1.adatum.biz:5058> |
| To Header | To: <sip:sip.pstnhub.microsoft.com:5061> | 
| CSeq header | CSeq: 1 INVITE | 
| Contact Header | Contact: <sip:sbc1.adatum.biz:50588;transport=tls> |

> Note that the SIP headers do not contain userinfo in the SIP URI in use. As per [RFC 3261, section 19.1.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-19.1.1), the userinfo part of a URI is optional and MAY be absent when the destination host does not have a notion of users or when the hosst itself is the resource being identified. If the @ sign is present in a SIP URI, the user field MUST NOT be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
The SIP headers do not contain user info in the SIP URI in use. As per [RFC 3261, section 19.1.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-19.1.1), the user info part of a URI is optional and _may_ be absent when the destination host does not have a notion of users or when the host itself is the resource being identified. If the @ sign is present in a SIP URI, the user field _may not_ be empty.
```

#### Contact header

> For all incoming SIP messages (OPTIONS, INVITE) to the Microsoft SIP proxy, the Contact header must have the paired SBC FQDN in the URI hostname as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all incoming SIP messages (OPTIONS and INVITE) to the Microsoft SIP proxy, the Contact header must have the paired SBC FQDN in the URI hostname, as follows:
```

Syntax: Contact:  <sip:phone or sip address@FQDN of the SBC;transport=tls> 

> As per [RFC 3261, section 11.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-11.1), a Contact header field MAY be present in an OPTIONS message. In Direct Routing the contact header is required. For INVITE messages in format above, for OPTIONS messages the userinfo can be removed from SIP URI and only FQDN sent in format as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As per [RFC 3261, section 11.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-11.1), a Contact header field _may_ be present in an OPTIONS message. In Direct Routing the contact header is required. For INVITE messages in the format above, for OPTIONS messages, the user info can be removed from the SIP URI and only FQDN sent in the following format:
```

Syntax: Contact:  <sip:FQDN of the SBC;transport=tls>

> This name (FQDN) must also be in the Common Name or Subject Alternative name field(s) of the presented certificate. Microsoft supports using wildcard values of the name(s) in the Common Name or Subject Alternative Name fields of the certificate.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This name (FQDN) must also be in the Common Name or Subject Alternative Name field(s) of the presented certificate. Microsoft supports using wildcard values of the name(s) in the Common Name or Subject Alternative Name fields of the certificate.   
```

The support for wildcards is described in [RFC 2818, section 3.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2818#section-3.1). Specifically:

*"Names may contain the wildcard character \* which is considered to match any single domain name component or component fragment. E.g., \*.a.com matches foo.a.com but not bar.foo.a.com. f\*.com matches foo.com but not bar.com."*

If more than one value in the Contact header presented in a SIP message is sent by the SBC, only the FQDN portion of the first value of the Contact header is used.

> As rule of thumb for Direct Routing, it is important that FQDN is used to populate SIP URI instead of IP. An incoming INVITE or OPTIONS message to SIP Proxy with Contact header where hostname is represented by IP and not FQDN, the connection will be refused with 403 Forbidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a rule of thumb for Direct Routing, it is important that the FQDN is used to populate the SIP URI instead of the IP. An incoming INVITE or OPTIONS message to the SIP proxy with a Contact header where the hostname is represented by the IP and not the FQDN, the connection will be refused with 403 Forbidden.
```

The SIP proxy needs to calculate the next hop FQDN for new in-dialog client transactions (for example Bye or Re-Invite), and when replying to SIP Options. Either Contact or Record-Route are used. 

> According to [RFC 3261, section 8.1.1.8](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-8.1.1.8), Contact header is required in any request that can result in a new dialog. The Record-Route is only required if a proxy wants to stay on the path of future requests in a dialog. If a proxy SBC is in use with [Local Media Optimization for Direct Routing](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/direct-routing-media-optimization), a record route will need to be configured as the proxy SBC needs to stay in the route. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to [RFC 3261, section 8.1.1.8](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3261#section-8.1.1.8), Contact header is required in any request that can result in a new dialog. The Record-Route is only required if a proxy wants to stay on the path of future requests in a dialog. If a proxy SBC is in use with [Local Media Optimization for Direct Routing](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/direct-routing-media-optimization), a Record-Route will need to be configured as the proxy SBC needs to stay in the route. 
```
